Sure, here's a sample README file you can use as a starting point:

# Project Name

This is a sample project that demonstrates how to analyze baseball data using Python.

## Project Description

This project analyzes baseball data from the Lahman database to predict player salaries. The analysis uses machine learning techniques to train a model on historical data and make predictions on new data.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

To run this project, you will need to have Python 3 installed on your machine. You can download Python from the official website: https://www.python.org/downloads/

### Installation

To install the required Python packages, run the following command in the project directory:

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### Usage

To run the analysis, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository to your local machine.
2. Install the required Python packages using the command above.
3. Run the `lahman_model.py` file in the `models` directory to train the model and make predictions.
4. View the results in the output file generated by the model.

You can also run the tests to verify that the code is working correctly. To run the tests, run the following command in the project directory:

```
pytest
```

## Data Sources

The data used in this project comes from the Lahman database, which contains historical baseball data. You can download the data from the following website: http://seanlahman.com/baseball-archive/statistics/

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

## Acknowledgments

This project was inspired by the book "Python for Data Analysis" by Wes McKinney.
